[DJM] Document custom host tags env variables (#28577)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/emr.md

   ```

   The script above sets the required parameters, and downloads and runs the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in EMR. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the filename in the URL with `install-emr-0.12.8.sh` to use version `0.12.8`, for example. The source code used to generate this script, and the changes between script versions can be found on the [Datadog Agent repository][12].
   

>    Optionally, the script can be configured adding the following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Optionally, the script can be configured by adding the following environment variables:
```

| Variable                 | Description                                                                                                                                                      | Default |
|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|                                                                                                    

> | DD_TAGS                  | Add host tags to EMR clusters. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][15]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to EMR cluster and Spark performance metrics. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][15]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |
```

   The script above sets the required parameters, and downloads and runs the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in EMR. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the filename in the URL with `install-emr-0.12.9.sh` to use version `0.12.9`, for example. The source code used to generate this script, and the changes between script versions can be found on the [Datadog Agent repository][12].

   Optionally, the script can be configured by adding the following environment variables:

| Variable                 | Description                                                                                                                                                      | Default |
|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to EMR cluster and Spark performance metrics. Comma or space separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][15]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |

> | DD_ENV                   | Scoping of application specific data across metrics, traces, and logs.   |         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| DD_ENV                   | Set the `env` environment tag on metrics, traces, and logs from this cluster.   |         |
```
